Main Web Page
Trusted by Leading Brokers
Marcus Rodriquez - Can we change the name from TransCover Solutions to “Rodriquez Insurance partners - Something that can’t be found.

Growing Together
I am concerned with using NAYS and PLACT if we do not have something in writing allowing us to use their names on our website.
TIE is not a strategic partner.  They are an advocacy partner.  We don’t get business from TIE and we can’t give member access to brokers.  I think we should remove.
If we want to use TIE in the website:
Truckers Integral to Our Economy - please make the “o” on “our” a capital.
I think we have broadened out what TIE actually does.  I would say something like…”TIE's advocacy efforts promote a business framework that benefits both Motor Carriers and ICs, protecting against legislative changes that might impact the IC model. TIE's main purpose is to educate policy makers on the value of the independent contractor model; identify successful IC's who can share their stories; and work with TIE members, companies, and trade associations to preserve all truckers’ freedoms”.   Feel free to edit something shorter.

Solutions Tab
Sports
Coverages
Accident Medical and ADD:  ADD should be AD&D
Add Registration Refund 
Transportation
Segments
Independent Contractors
Change NTL to Non-Trucking Liability
Remove EO/DO
Freight Brokers 
Move this to the second segment
Move General Liability to the last product listed
Cargo Liability should be Contingent Cargo Liability
Motor Carriers
I think we should remove the Motor Carrier segment.  If we keep it:
Place General Liability at the end of the description
Remove Non-Trucking Liability
Add Umbrella
Coverages
Occupational Accident
Physical Damage
Non-Trucking Liability
Contingent Liability
Workers Compensation
Truck Broker Liability
Contingent Auto Liability
Contingent Cargo Liability
Errors & Omissions
Cyber
Entertainment - We should add Entertainment in the dropdown menu for Solutions

Brokers Tab
Markets (sub tab)
I am not comfortable showing a list of our markets unless we have approval to do so.  
If we do want to show our markets, then we must only show the ones where we have a producer agreement in place.
Some of the markets listed are wholesalers
We are missing Pan-American, Hudson, Skyward, Crum & Forster...
I would rather we say that Matterhorn has Specialty Curated markets
Programs (sub tab)
Transportation
Independent Contractors - list the following products:
 Occupational Accident
Contingent Liability\Physical Damage
Non-Trucking Liability
Workers Compensation
Motor Carriers - Eliminate (or show the following products):
Auto Liability
Physical Damage
Motor Truck Cargo
General Liability
Workers Compensation
Freight Broker
Truck Broker Liability
Contingent Auto Liability
Continent Cargo
General Liability
Errors & Omissions
Cyber
Logistics Companies - Remove
Rideshare - Keep in mind that we are under a non-compete with this product
Change Medical Payments to Accident Medical
Pilot Cars - This is in start-up phase.  Do we want to remove and then add once we are up and running?
Oversize Haulers - Remove
Sports
Youth Sports - Add Tournament Registration Refund
Pickleball - add Accident Medical to product list
Contact Sports - I suggest we remove or change to Winter Sports
Entertainment - I would add Accident Medical to each of the product areas
Travel
War Risk - Add Accident Death & Dismemberment

